Update timing accuracy statements in the policy document (#179)
sigstore/timestamp-authority: docs/tsa-policy.md

In particular:

1. The time-stamp token shall include an identifier for the time-stamp policy.

1. Each time-stamp token shall have a unique identifier.

1. The time values the TSU uses in the time-stamp token shall be traceable to
   at least one of the real time values distributed by a UTC(k) laboratory.

1. The time-stamp provider should periodically monitor its correctness of time 
   with a set of trusted UTC sources. The recorded accuracy should be included 
   in the returned time-stamp token.

> 1. The time-stamp provider SHOULD monitor for accu.racy and alert if it's found 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The time-stamp provider SHOULD monitor for accuracy and alert if it's found 
```
